# Lomas

The prototype source code of the paper:

*Locality Matters! Traffic Demand Modeling in Datacenter Networks*

Zhiwen Liu (Maintainer), Mowei Wang, Yong Cui

the 6th Asia-Pacific Workshop on Networking (APNet 2022)

## Traffic modeling

The traffic modeling is under `traffic_modeling`/, the technical details about this model can be found in *Lomas (APNet 22).*

Refer to the README.md under it for more details.

> __Latest Info:__ This part will be public soon.

## Traffic generator

The traffic generator is used to generate traffic traces (a bunch of flows). This part is under `traffic_gen/`.

Refer to the README.md under it for more details.

## Topology generator

The topology generator is used to generate topology config files. This part is under `topo_gen`/.

Refer to the README.md under it for more details.

## NS-3 simulation

We use the simulator designed in [HPCC (Sigcomm 2019)](https://rmiao.github.io/publications/hpcc-li.pdf). It also includes the implementation of DCQCN, TIMELY, DCTCP, PFC, ECN and Broadcom shared buffer switch. The source code can be found in [High-Precision-Congestion-Control]().

We use the trace as well as the topology generated by Lomas to re-evaluate these congestion control schemes. The evaluation results is under `simulation/`. 

The ns-3 simulation is under `simulation_res/`. Refer to the README.md under it for more details.

> __Latest Info:__ This part is not completed yet ⚠️.

## Visualization & Analysis

We provide a few visualization/analysis scripts under `visualization/`. Refer to the README.md under it for more details.

## Questions

For any questions, please contact  (liu-zw20@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn).

## Enviroment

python = 2.7
